the discovery of electricity is one of the importantest i know.
Whithout electricity we are not more able to life compfortable because everything we use is electric.
the main of it is the electrical light. as the light was discovered a new century has begun. Many Humans saw the Future in electricity and tried to discover new ways to use the elecitricity like they already did with the light.

the next step was the telegraph and then the telephone. A very simple technic but a big step for the humanity. We alredy use this technic totday to send messages fpr long distances-

Whats about our homes? Whithout electricity we are not able to whash our clothes or the dishes. no whater would come out of the pipes. the toilets wouldnt work. the rooms would be dark and cooking would be a really hard challenge witout our loved stove and micro wave.
We could not use a Computer and no smartphones. Not internet to google information.

living, traveling, virtual entertaining would be very uncompfortable. 

Working with electricity is very interesting and cool because we can not really see what is going on inside the wires and cables we use. But we are able to calculate and see the results. sometimes it seems like magic!

There are so much different ways to use electrcity on the one hand you can use it for the voltage to run appliances and on the other hand you can youse it for only signals like 0 and 1. 
we differentiate between alternate current and direct current. direct current is the "normal" way to transfer current . But the alternat current (AC) changes the electrone directon in a specific time. we call it HERTZ. the current from the plugs we know to plug our appliances in got 230 volts an 50HERTZ that means that the current changes his electrone direction 50 times per second and we call that frequency.
we need that technology to transfer the current over long distances without big losts and because alternate current is easyer to transform.
batterys and secondary cells only work with direct current.

All people love and need to use electronics and living without it is not even imaginable anymore. So its important to study more about it and mor healthier or green ways to "produce" energy to not distroy the earth because of the big need of energy and the bad way we produce it. the best ways are windtourbines, whater tourbines and solar technology. the Atome technik is clean but if anything goes wrong it can poisen the whole world. 

so at the and let us enjoy what we have and try to make the world a better and healthy place.